---
layout : post 
title : The way i love my sisters!!!
---
Friends every boy reading my blog just think of his sister @@ gone blank !!! i know you are little bit shy to explode your love towards your sisters .
Some of you might fight with with your sisters but guys  think for those who don't have sisters . Guys its not that you want sister because you want to fight with someone . 
Friends in today's generation you want someone who can listen you and understand your problems .A one to whom you will love for life . 
Sister is a person who leaves you for sometime your face will not cry , but your heart will fells like its dead . she is the one who can read  your mind . 
she is the only who can keep your secret a secret. Guys i have many sisters , but there are only some whom are capable of calling sister . not some only few .
if i give an example then a secret word come to my mind i.e. **"Gubbu"** she is my top most loving sister .
People says she is just your sister but i said to them she is not just a sister she is my life so anyone dare to mess with her just rotate your head and see who's hand she is holding - his younger brother i will never leave her hand i share every thing to her .

Have you ever seen a guy holding his sister's hand in today's life 
No!! because they are affraid that what people will think but i can hold my sister hand anywhere because she is a part of my life . 
Seriously i am proud that i have a sister .

She loves me even without any accessory , even if i am stuoid , even if i am filled with anger ,
even when I’m passed out in the car, even if we’re sitting in silence. 
She loves me even when I’m being ridiculous or freaking out. She loves me even when I don’t love myself.

She loves me for my thoughts/ideas. My soul. My presence. My willingness.

She loves me in such a way that i tends to   love her more everyday. It doesn’t need to be expressed everyday. It’s just understood.

She is my best friend

Someone I can go on adventures with and share my deepest thoughts with.

She is one of a kind.

She is a “hell yes” everyday.

Guys i am lucky to have a sister .

***Thank you***          



**If you have a such loving sister just send me your views regarding you connection.**

***Stay Tuned for more !!***

**If you like it please leave a review on my mail - zoopsspk15@gmail.com    **
